The outcome of the US election has created an uncertain future for many in the US, including underrepresented populations in the library technology field. For them, an already challenging work environment will be compounded by the divisiveness of the election outcome and the rhetoric and actions that will only increase in the coming administration change.

LibTechWomen started in late 2012 to provide a safer space and support for self-identified women in the library technology field. In the short four years of the group, many have benefited professionally and personally from the community in part to the welcoming and accepting environment demonstrated by the community. From the monthly IRC chats and networking events at conferences to providing a safer online space for discussion and questions, LibTechWomen has welcomed all who wish to network, develop skills, build confidence, and lead change for women in library technology.

It is in this spirit that the LibTechWomen community recommits itself to its mission to support a diverse community in library technology, to create and strengthen an inclusive environment, and strive for equity for workers in the library technology field. As a community that deeply values diversity, equity, and inclusion, LibTechWomen will always strive be a welcoming and safe community for all who are passionate about supporting women in information and technology work. Everyone in our community is valued and respected regardless of what they look like, what their faiths are, what disabilities they may have, how they identify their gender, who they love, where they come from, what language they speak, or where they live. 

As a community we stand in solidarity with others in the library community – both individuals and organizations - in reaffirming equity, diversity, and inclusion. And by working together in solidarity, we will support each other in upholding those values and continue in our mission.

[Parts of the statement were adapted from re-affirmation statements from code4lib and LITA]
